(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] Guided by the
power of the eight crests,
a new chapter of
the Digi-Destined's
great adventure had begun.
Who knows what trials
and tribulations
they'll need to face
in their fight against
the Great Catastrophe?
Not long ago,
Kari bonded with the friendly
gigantic Petaldramon.
It was there she watched over
the Digmon's grand resurgence.
She now finds herself
within the forest
that bloomed from his
gargantuan remains.
(gentle music)
(all gasping)
It's amazing how much it's
grown in such a short time.
(Kari grunting)
[Kari] It's good to be back.
(eerie music)
(Soulmon growling)
(Komondomon barking)
(Kari and Gatomon gasping)
[Muchomon] Kari!
Gatomon!
[T.K. and Patamon] Huh?
(Kari gasping)
Hey, it's Muchomon and Puwamon!
Hasn't the forest gotten
huge since you left?
Mm-hmm.
[Muchomon] We wanna show
you something really neat.
What is it?
(gentle music)
Pretty cool, huh?
(all gasping)
(Digi-eggs clunking)
(gentle music)
So many Digi-eggs.
What's a Digi-egg?
They're like regular eggs,
except Digimon are
born from them.
(Kari gasping)
Like Patamon was!
(Patamon giggling)
(gentle music)
And these are only
a few of them.
Digi-eggs are scattered
all over the forest!
And that means the power
of the darkness is fading.
And the Digital World's
system is returning to normal.
All these Digi-eggs
are proof of it.
(Kari giggling)
This forest is a
symbol of our hope.
[Muchomon] The Digi-eggs
rolled over here
all on their own,
because this area
gets so much sun.
[Kari] They must
be full of energy.
I wonder what kind of Digimon
will be born from them?
(Kari gasping)
Yeah, that one's struggling.
It feels cold.
(footsteps thudding)
(leaves rustling)
(air whooshing)
(Tai grunting)
(Kari gasping)
Oh, hey, Tai.
What's up, Kari?
Hi.
Come here, you guys.
You've gotta check this out.
(Gatomon gasping)
Wait.
There's something else here.
(tense music)
Hmm, maybe it'll get better
if we try to warm it up.
(Muchomon and Gatomon moaning)
(Tai yelling)
(all laughing)
We actually found that one
during an expedition
deep inside the forest.
Oh.
Please guide me
there if you can.
I'd like to see where
you found this one.
It's pretty quiet this
deep in the forest.
You sure this is
where you found it?
A little further, but, yeah.
The last time we came here,
it was a whole lot warmer
than the chilly weather
we're feeling right now.
(gentle music)
(Muchomon whimpering)
I knew it.
Soulmon.
Those poor Digi-eggs.
This stops now!
Ready, Agumon?
Pepper Breath!
Boom Bubble!
(Soulmon exploding)
(Gatomon yelling)
(Soulmon growling)
Lightning Paw!
(Soulmon shattering)
[Soulmon 1] Oh, the
Celestial Digimon.
[Soulmon 2] How wretched.
[Soulmon 3] How wretched.
[Soulmon 1] Curse them.
[Soulmon 2] Curse them.
(all gasping)
While this forest
fosters new life,
it looks like it's become home
to some evil Digimon as well.
(air whooshing)
Soulmon are beings who
are filled with hatred
for nearly any living thing
or life about to be born.
What's gonna happen to
these Digi-eggs now?
Will they still hatch?
What?
They'll be fine, right?
Don't you worry.
(Kari gasping)
I'll make sure those
Digimon are born.
I'll do whatever it takes.
(whistle ringing)
(Komondomon barking)
(gentle music)
Komondomon is going
to help us out
by protecting all the
Digi-eggs in this area.
You will all support
and guard Komondomon.
Can't we do anything
more than that?
And what about the Soulmon?
We'll handle them.
Leave it to us.
Right, Gatomon?
Mm-hmm.
Wow, Kari.
You know, if we all digivolve,
then we can help you
stand up to them.
Yeah, fighting probably
cannot be avoided.
However, if we have to fight,
we must do it without
hurting the forest.
(all gasping)
If I'm correct,
I should be able to detect
them with this Celestial Ring.
Furthermore, I can
fight amongst the trees
with this nimble body of mine.
I'm perfect for the job.
(Tai gasping)
Please, Tai.
But, Kari-
We can do it.
(Tai chuckling)
If you say so.
Go get 'em.
I know you got this, Kari.
-Thanks for believing in me.
-Hmm.
(intense music)
(Kari panting)
That way.
[Kari] On it!
(Kari panting)
Petaldramon, no
matter what it takes,
we will protect your forest
along with the
Digi-eggs inside it.
(Kari panting)
(intense music)
(Tai grunting)
You guys ready to start
gathering these Digi-eggs?
[All] Yeah!
(Komondomon barking)
(Komondomon panting)
(footsteps pattering)
They're up ahead!
(intense music)
(Soulmon growling)
Lightning Kick!
(Soulmon shattering)
(Soulmon growling)
Fine by me, I'll just
take you all on at once.
(Soulmon growling)
(Komondomon barking)
[T.K.] Are you sure there are
more Digi-eggs in this area?
-Huh?
(T.K. and Patamon gasping)
There's one over here!
And two more over here.
(Tai yelling)
I got it!
(Agumon crashing)
No scrambled eggs today.
(Soulmon growling)
Lightning Paw coming at ya!
(Soulmon shattering)
(Soulmon growling)
Careful, Kari!
(Soulmon shattering)
(intense music)
(Gatomon screaming)
(Kari gasping)
Gatomon!
(Kari grunting)
(Soulmon groaning)
(Soulmon growling)
(Gatomon gasping)
Here we go.
-Hmm.
(Soulmon growling)
[Agumon] We sure gathered
a whole lotta Digi-eggs.
I wonder how things are
going for Kari and Gatomon.
Huh?
What the...
(tense music)
(Kari and Gatomon whimpering)
I've never seen so many
Soulmon in one place before.
(tense music)
What now?
(Gatomon gasping)
[Gatomon] The smell of
death is even stronger now.
This must be...
(laser beaming)
Kari, get down!
(trees disintegrating)
It's gonna destroy
the whole forest.
(Gatomon grunting)
(tense music)
This freezing air...
(Kari gasping)
That cursed fossil beast
driven by a fearsome rage
can only be SkullBaluchimon.
(tense music)
[Soulmon] Destroy all life.
Destroy all life.
The forest will be
destroyed in no time.
We have to fight.
It's our only option.
(Kari and Gatomon grunting)
(bright music)
(tense music)
Let's do this!
Gatomon digivolve to...
Angewomon!
(Angewomon grunting)
How dare you freeze the lives
of these innocent Digi-eggs?
Your malice ends here.
(SkullBaluchimon growling)
Destroying Petaldramon's forest
and putting all these
Digi-eggs in danger,
I won't allow it!
We shall protect
them at all costs!
(Angewomon grunting)
(Angewomon gasping)
(Kari gasping)
(tense music)
(air blasting)
(Kari screaming)
What's going on over there?
Over that way.
You see that?
(tense music)
He made it this far?
Hope you're ready.
(suspenseful music)
[Angewomon] Kari, Kari!
I think I'm okay.
[Angewomon] Thank goodness.
(Angewomon grunting)
(Kari gasping)
Angewomon!
(Angewomon grunting)
(Celestial Arrows pinging)
(SkullBaluchimon growling)
(suspenseful music)
(Angewomon grunting)
(paws thudding)
(Kari gasping)
(suspenseful music)
(Angewomon grunting)
(Kari panting)
(suspenseful music)
It's up to us to
save the forest.
(suspenseful music)
I'll protect this
place with my life.
Heaven's Charm!
(light beaming)
(SkullBaluchimon growling)
(Soulmon growling)
(tense music)
(Angewomon grunting)
Angewomon!
(tense music)
(Angewomon grunting)
(suspenseful music)
(Angewomon groaning)
(Kari gasping)
(SkullBaluchimon roaring)
(Angewomon screaming)
(suspenseful music)
Angewomon!
(Kari panting)
(suspenseful music)
(Angewomon crashing)
(Angewomon gasping)
(air whooshing)
Just hang in there!
I'm on my way!
(Soulmon growling)
(Greymon grunting)
[Tai] Give it your all, Greymon.
We gotta protect the
Digi-eggs, no matter what.
(Kari panting)
(Soulmon groaning)
(suspenseful music)
(Kari panting)
(Angewomon grunting)
Stay back!
Careful, Angewomon!
Kari!
The Digi-eggs are over there!
You must protect them!
I'll hold them off.
I can still fight.
(Kari sighing)
Now, come at me!
(Soulmon growling)
(suspenseful music)
(SkullBaluchimon growling)
(SkullBaluchimon roaring)
Heaven's Charm!
(suspenseful music)
(Angewomon yelling)
(Angewomon grunting)
(Angewomon screaming)
(Kari gasping)
(Kari screaming)
(air whooshing)
(Angewomon glitching)
I am sorry, Angewomon.
(Kari whimpering)
(SkullBaluchimon growling)
(Digi-egg clattering)
(Kari whimpering)
I must protect them.
We have to protect...
(Kari whimpering)
We must protect them.
Protect them.
(Digi-egg cracking)
(mellow music)
(Kari gasping)
(Nyokimon squeaking)
(gentle music)
The Digi-egg, it hatched.
(Nyokimon squeaking)
(Kari sighing)
It hatched just in time.
(Nyokimon squeaking)
(Kari grunting)
If we saved one, then we
can save the rest of them.
(Digivice beeping)
(Kari grunting)
(gentle music)
Angewomon!
(bright music)
This must be...
Kari...
(bright music)
All living things...
All life is protected
by the light,
-and born anew.
-And born anew.
[Kari And Angewomon]
Life illuminates.
Illuminates not
only the present,
it illuminates the future.
That is why there is light.
(SkullBaluchimon roaring)
And light always protects life.
I know it does.
(bright music)
Go now and rest in peace.
Soon,
you will proceed to a new life.
(gentle music)
(grass rustling)
(Kari giggling)
[Tai] Hey!
-Huh?
[Tai] You okay over there, Kari?
[Agumon] Yoohoo,
Kari! (giggling)
We did it!
(all laughing)
(Nyokimon squeaking)
We did it.
We protected the
forest, Petaldramon.
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] Next up on the
Digimon Encyclopedia is
the Digi-eggs?
Well, they're basically
eggs Digimon hatched from.
Not only are they
born from them,
but it's said they
returned to an egg
when their life comes to an end.
Now here's a question for you.
Which came first, the
Digi-egg or the Digimon?
I meant to ask the
Digi-eggs' caretakers,
but they were a little too busy
looking after the
energetic Digi-eggs.
(bright music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Will Izzy
be able to solve
the challenging riddles
Nanomon has in store for him?
[Tai] Next time on
"Digimon Adventure:
Bolt, HerculesKabuterimon."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.